AISDK-55: Catch SDK up to API in features (#19)
revdotcom/revai-node-sdk: README.md

### Getting captions output

> Another way to retrieve your file is captions output. We support both .srt and .vtt outputs. A readable stream of your desired captions output can be retrieved as shown below. If your job was submitted as a multichannel file you will be required to provide the id of the channel you would like captioned.

Reviewer: minor - the second sentence reads strange when it is passive.
```suggestion
Another way to retrieve your file is captions output. We support both .srt and .vtt outputs. See below for an example showing how you can get captions as a readable stream. If your job was submitted with multiple speaker channels you are required to provide the id of the channel you would like captioned.
```

```javascript

> var captionsStream = await client.getCaptions(job.id, CaptionTypes.SRT, null);

Reviewer: I find the example confusing. As a customer, I would never provide null when there is a default value for this parameter.

Author: I want to show that the parameter exists but in most cases it will be null and error if soemthing is provided. Suggestions?

Reviewer: Let's show another example, one with the param and one without. Add a comment to each to show why we are showing that example.
